docs(gen): tutorials requeriments update part ii (#2924)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/installation-jekyll/index.mdx

We use [Nginx](https://nginx.org/) in our example on the production server.

1. Start by installing the required software:
    ```
    sudo apt-get install ruby ruby-dev nginx make build-essential git-core
    ```

> 2. Run Git on the production server, therefore you have to create 'git' user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run Git on the production server, therefore you have to create a user called `git`:
```
